[Music]
some 59
chief musician said to do not destroy a
Mick time of David when Saul sent men
and they watched the house in order to
kill him deliver me from my enemies oh
my god
defend me from those who rise up against
me deliver me from the workers of
iniquity and save me from bloodthirsty
men for look they lie in wait for my
life
the mighty gather against me not for my
transgression nor for my sin Oh Lord
they run and prepare themselves through
no fault of mine awake to help me and
behold you therefore O Lord God of hosts
the God of Israel awake to punish all
the nations do not be merciful to any
wicked transgressors an evening they
return they growl like a dog and go all
around the city
indeed they built with their mouths
swords are in their lips for they say
who hears but you O Lord shall laugh at
them you shall have all the nations in
derision I will wait for you o you his
strength for God is my defense my God of
mercy shall come to meet me God shall
let me see my desire on my enemies do
not slay them lest my people forget
scatter them by your power and bring
them down Oh Lord our shield for the sin
of their mouth and the words of their
lips let them even be taken in their
pride and for the cursing and lying
which they speak
seen them in Wrath consumed them that
they may not be and let them know that
God rules in Jacob to the ends of the
earth in an evening they return they
ground like a dog and go all around the
city they wander up and down for food
and howl if they are not satisfied but I
will sing of your power yes I will sing
aloud of your mercy in the morning for
you have been my defence and refuge in
the day of my trouble to you o my
strength I will sing praises for God is
my defense my God of mercy
[Music]